I will take that to mean that we have
successfully proven ourselves before the
wands come on Winx this is what we've
been waiting for the ones have
recognized us as their rightful owners
the time has come to enter the
legendarium world
magic
dragon
very away
very of music
Miriam aside
Valley of Technology
I am loving this mythix look this is
that must be the way to the legendarium
world
exactly Winx we stand before the wise
doorway to the world's keeper of all
knowledge if my research is correct of
the ancestral ones it is an honor
because of the witches evil the
legendarium world's power is spilling
into the real world if we don't stop it
it could destroy the magic universe we
are looking for help
we must lock the legendarium for good
then you will need the legendarium key
first you must find the fantasy emerald
and the silver spear when you find these
objects in the real world you will cross
into the legendarium world and only with
these two items will
magically forged the legendarium key how
can we find the in world and the sphere
no walls will guide you in the real
world if anyone else totally thrown off
by this whole real world legendarium
world thing I know let's go back to
elfia and try to get a better
understanding of how to use these ones